docs: add dev-env-setup.md (#1817)
tendermint/starport: dev-env-setup.md

# Set Up Your Starport Development Environment 

To ensure you have a successful experience developing with Starport, make sure that your local system meets these technical requirements.

Starport is supported for the following operating systems:

- GNU/Linux
- macOS
- Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL)

## Install Go

> This installation method removes existing Go installations, installs Go in `/usr/local/go/bin/go`, and sets the environment variables.

Reviewer: `/usr/local/go/bin/go` might be different on some systems, can we deduct this claim?

Author: another comment from you @ilgooz that was gathering cobwebs, so sorry to miss this for such a long time

> 1. Install [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) (**version 1.16** or higher).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the latest version of [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install).
```

> 2. Download the binary release that is suitable for your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Download the release that is suitable for your system.
```

Because for some systems it's a binary and for some it's a tarball (manual installation).
